# React challenges, 16 November 2025

## 1. react-router-dom currency converter

Use react-router-dom to create a dynamic route with the path pattern `/convert/:amount/from/:from/to/:to` which is linked to a page that displays a currency exchange rate.

Use the free ExchangeRate API, and fetch the data using a combination of useState and useEffect. You can fetch from the API using a URL like this: `https://open.er-api.com/v6/latest/USD`

So, for example, if the user goes to `/convert/250/from/USD/to/SEK`, they may be taken to a page where they can see that 250 USD is equal to about 2350 SEK, or whatever.

However, the user may put in invalid values into the URL. Maybe they put letters in the place of :amount, or they provide a string in place of :from that doesn't represent a real currency.

In that case, you'll need to display an error message instead.

HINT: You can check if the `res.ok` is false. That will tell you that a currency was invalid. Or, you can check `isNaN(Number(amount))` and that will tell you if their amount is invalid.

## 2. Custom hook for your currency converter

Create a custom hook called `useExchangeRate` which takes in three arguments: `amount, from, to` and returns a `result` and an `error`. The result will be null if there was an error, or a number if it was valid, and the error will be null if there's no error, or a string if there is. The string might be like `"invalid amount"` or `"invalid currency"`.

HINT: You'll be moving your useState and useEffect logic into this custom hook.

## 3. Context for your user's favorite currencies

Use createContext and useContext to keep track of your user's favorite currencies. As a bonus: keep it in sync with localStorage so that it persists after a refresh.