# Homework for Swarochisa

Create an express app that allows a user, from an internet browser, to...

- sign up
- log in (and get a token)
- create a post (but only if they're logged in)
- see a list of all posts

## Architecture

Use `express.static("...")` to define a static directory (aka public directory).
Use routers to organize your routes into files called `userRouter.js` and `postRouter.js`.

The userRouter should have routes for...

- Signing up
- Logging in and getting a token
- Verifying a token

and the postRouter should have routes for...

- Creating a post
- Getting all posts

Feel free to add any other routes you may feel are necessary.
You can of course divide your app into separate "layers" like we did by keeping our "database functions" separate from the express logic, or not, it's up to you.

## Data models

### users.json
```json
[
	{"id": "...", "username": "...", "email": "...", "password": "..."}
]
```

### posts.json
```json
[
	{"id": "...", "userId": "...", "timestamp": "...", "content": "..."}
]
```

## Lastly

Don't be afraid to make mistakes. There are no wrong answers. If you get stuck you can...

- google
- send a message to me on Preply, and I'll answer it when I can
- check out Node.js and Express.js docs
- *Use AI (not recommended as it hallucinates like 20% of the time, sometimes overcomplicates things and/or gives you more information than you need)

Use your imagination, and interpret this prompt however you like! These guidelines are not strict. The important thing is to learn and have fun. :D